A
	Zodiac Iconography surrounding central figure
		Eastern influence		
		
	4 figures in corners:
		Two bearded, two clean shaven, all male.
			BR = Young Boy (Weak Chin)
			TR = Young Man (Strong Chin)
			TL = Officially Man (Beard, few wrinkles)
			BL = Old Man (firmer wrinkles, from what I can see he appears less in shape)
			
		Cycle of Life and Rebirth, young to old.
	
	Central Figure: 
		Winged Man/Angel
		Standing on burning platform
			Appears to be more fire above his head. Sun?
		Snake head on top
			Body appears to be coiled around him
		Holding staff
		Lion's Head in center of chest
		Head appears wreathed, Laurel?
		In one hand a staff or pole, in the other, a set of intertwined sticks or cord or somethin
		
	I believe this is meant to link together images of an Angel and Sol Invictus, connecting Christian/Jewish Iconography with Sol Invictus
	
B
	Zodiac Iconography surrounding central figure
		Eastern influence		
	4 figures in corners
		All appear winged. Three have layered black and white, one is fully dark.
			Seasons? 
				TL=Spring(Chicken depicted eating plant, Chickens are effective at spreading seed.), 
				TR=Winter(Dark Wings indicative of shorter days), 
				BL=Fall(Food iconography -> Harvest),
				BR=Summer(Sun sash looking thing)
			Cycle of Rebirth in natural world
		
	Central Figure == Inconquerable Sun. (Chariot + 4 horses. Sun Hat. Travelling across sky, followed by night)
		Therefore must be after the appearance of Sol Invictus.
		
	Zodiac Aligned with Figures Representing seasons, approximation of calendar.
	This mosaic depicts Sol Invictus at the center of everything, and illustrates his importance. 
		Sol Invictus as the most important because it is by him that plants can grow, and that the year goes around.
			Made by mr I love Sol Invictus, or possibly Constantine, he was also real friendly with mr Deus Sol Invictus
		More specifically, the 4 seasons in the corner, when combined with the zodiac, is a representation of an agricultural calendar, and 
		the addition of Deus Sol Invictus 
			
	As far as when this would have been created, look at the Mosaic.
		It appears to just be a highly stylized piece if only looking at the humanoid figures, However comparing the animal images:
			pisces, leo, taurus, aries, and capricorn; represented by a fish, lion, bull, sheep, and goat respectively
			these all are shown with several different colours, clear extremities, etc. The artist clearly had some experience or some reference to work from.
			
			Same situation wiht horses in the center, considering condensed and warped region they had to use, the horses have lots of detail.
			
			Comparing these to Cancer and Scorpio, represented by a crab and scorpion respectively.
			These animals are essentially blobs, monochromatic, with very little detail.
			
			From this, can draw the conclusion that the artist that originally created the piece was exposed to large exotic animals like lions, likely 
			as part of the games in the Coliseum, however was not commonly exposed to Crabs and Scorpions, likely relying primarily on word of mouth
			or existing representations.
			
		
	Lots of shared iconography with Analysis Object A which exhibits the same trends in the level of detail among the Zodiac animals. Crabs and Scorpions
	are shown as perfectly smooth blobs, while even the fish are depicted with detailed scales. 
	
	From these points, both were created in, and likely created in a similar time period, likely during one of the surges in popularity for Sol Invictus.
		This means it was either created during the reign of that one trans emperor, or during Constantine's reign.
		
	penis